.\" Manpage for wordpress_server
.\" Contact vdodiya03@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.

.TH man 8 "24 Oct 2016" "1.0" "wordpress_server man page"

.SH NAME
wordpress_server \ diploy new wordpress server file on ubuntu server

.SH SYNOPSIS
wordpress_server <server username> <server ip> <domain name(example.com)>

.SH DESCRIPTION
wordpress_server is smart command that deploy wordpress files on user specified ubuntu server. It will check on the server for prerequisite like, LAMP modules which include Apache, Mysql and PHP. If this modeules are not installed on server than wordpress_server will install this modules on that server.

Another module that wordpress server check is for Nginx which accelerates content and application delivery, improves security, facilitates availability and scalability for the busiest web sites on the Internet.If Nginx is not installed than it will be installed by wordpress_server command on ubuntu server with proper firewall previlidges

wordpress_server ask for domain name and it will configure ubuntu server to support that domain name.

After setting up the modules and domain name it will download latest wordpress zip file. It will unzip the file into domain name folder and also install database.

.SH OPTIONS
wordpress_server does not take any option but need two arguments host username and ip address.

.SH SEE ALSO
there are no related command like this. wordpress_server is one of its kind.

.SH BUGS
Tested on only virtual machine.

.SH AUTHOR
Vishal Dodiya (vdodiya03@gmail.com)